Event Handling (#14)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-3: event-handling/foreshadowing-state.md

- In [our HTML](https://replit.com/@adacore/Foreshadowing-State-Demo), create the HTML element that will hold our crab counter
- In [our JS](https://replit.com/@adacore/Foreshadowing-State-Demo):
  - Create a `state` object that will hold the number of crabs on our site
  - Modify the `addCrab` event-handler to modify the crab count number on `state`
  - Modify the `addCrab` event-handler to add this content to the DOM

Let's do this!

First, let's add in our HTML element that holds our crab counter. We're choosing this HTML structure to exemplify a certain point, but this HTML could look like anything. The most important thing is that we have an element with the ID `crabCountContainer`.

```html
<!-- ... other content ...
      <section>
        <button id="addCrabButton">Add Crab</button>
      </section> -->

<section id="crabContainer">
  <h2 id="crabCount">Crab Count: 0</h2>
</section>
<!-- ... other content ... -->
```

Next, before the definition of the `addCrab` function, let's create an object in a variable named `state`. This object is accessible in all of our functions because variables defined outside a function are globally-scoped.

```js

> const state = {

Author: You're totally correct! We've talked about how my brain has been incorrectly STUCK. And I agree-- I think this lesson will continue to have some good takeaways.

For now, we can keep track of state through our global variables, and look forward to how other libraries and frameworks deal with this.

## Check for Understanding

<!-- Question 1 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: multiple-choice
* id: d25e045b
* title: Foreshadowing State
##### !question

In the example in the lesson, which of the following is the most accurate description of `state` in this example?

##### !end-question
##### !options

* `state` is the collection of attributes that the event handlers modify
* `state` is what we use as `crabCount`, and its value is the number of crabs
* `state` is the container of the `crabCount` element, event handler, and value
* `state` is an object that holds key-value pairs, such as `crabCount` and the number of crabs

##### !end-options
##### !answer

* `state` is an object that holds key-value pairs, such as `crabCount` and the number of crabs

##### !end-answer
### !end-challenge
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- Question 2 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: multiple-choice
* id: 303ddde1
* title: Foreshadowing State
##### !question

> In the example in the lesson, which of the following is the most accurate description of how `state` is updated?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lesson's example, which of the following is the most accurate description of how `state` is updated?
```
